10-AWK.wav|mister Pontellier, unable to read his newspaper with any degree of comfort, arose with an expression and an exclamation of disgust.
10-BB.wav|While I was young I lived upon my mothers milk, as I could not eat grass.
10-CHS.wav|There was clearly nothing to do but flop down on the shabby little couch and howl.
10-DSM.wav|In this region, in the month of June, American travelers are extremely numerous, it may be said, indeed, that Vevey assumes at this period some of the characteristics, of an American watering place.
10-ECO.wav|My, what imaginations these children have developed!
10-EMM.wav|Even before Miss Taylor had ceased to hold the nominal office of governess, the mildness of her temper had hardly allowed her to impose any restraint, and the shadow of authority being now long passed away, they had been living together as friend and friend very mutually attached, and Emma doing just what she liked, highly esteeming Miss Taylors judgment, but directed chiefly by her own.
10-JNE.wav|What does Bessie say I have done?
10-LCL.wav|The war had brought the roof down over her head.
10-LP.wav|The fact was, however, that she was always dreaming and thinking odd things, and could not herself remember any time when she had not been thinking things about grown up people, and the world they belonged to.
10-MDW.wav|What a plunge!
10-MNP.wav|Miss Ward, at the end of half a dozen years, found herself obliged to be attached, to the Rev mister Norris, a friend of her brother in law, with scarcely any private fortune, and Miss Frances fared yet worse.
10-TES.wav|And she shall bring forth a son, and thou shalt call his name, JESUS, for he shall save his people from their sins.
10-TRI.wav|SQUIRE TRELAWNEY, drive, and the rest of these gentlemen having asked me to write down the whole particulars about Treasure Island, from the beginning to the end, keeping nothing back but the bearings of the island, and that only because there is still treasure not yet lifted, I take up my pen in the year of grace, seventeen and, go back to the time when my father kept the Admiral Benbow inn, and the brown old seaman with the sabre cut, first took up his lodging under our roof.
10-UTS.wav|Merchants, common sailors, captains of vessels, skippers, both of Europe and America, naval officers of all countries, and the Governments of several states on the two continents, were deeply interested in the matter.
10-WSQ.wav|It was an element in drive reputation, that his learning and his skill were very evenly balanced, he was what you might call a scholarly doctor, and yet there was nothing abstract in his remedies, he always ordered you to take something.
100-AWK.wav|In former times, before Robert could remember, the house, had been a summer luxury of the Lebruns.
100-EFR.wav|Only once or twice was the distance between us bridged for a moment, and the glimpses thus gained confirmed my desire to know more.
100-JBK.wav|He is altogether without hair, and I could kill him with a touch of my foot.
100-LCL.wav|She blamed her husband.
100-MDC.wav|The instinctive act of humankind was to stand and listen, and learn how the trees on the right and the trees on the left wailed or chaunted to each other, in the regular antiphonies of a cathedral choir, how hedges and other shapes to leeward, then caught the note, lowering it to the tenderest sob, and how the hurrying gust then plunged into the south, to be heard no more.
100-MDW.wav|How much she wanted it. that people should look pleased as she came in, Clarissa thought and turned and walked back towards Bond Street, annoyed, because it was silly to have other reasons for doing things.
100-PER.wav|We must be serious and decided, for after all, the person who has contracted debts must pay them, and though a great deal is due to the feelings of the gentleman, and the head of a house, like your father, there is still more due to the character of an honest man.
100-POZ.wav|One way led to the left and the other to the right. straight up the mountain.
100-SCL.wav|Two or three of their number, as I was assured, being gouty and rheumatic, or perhaps bed ridden, never dreamed of making their appearance at the Custom House, during a large part of the year, but, after a torpid winter, would creep out into the warm sunshine of May or June, go lazily about what they termed duty, and, at their own leisure and convenience, betake themselves to bed again.
100-SGD.wav|I heard there was a child, though no one ever saw her.
100-SUM.wav|Old houses?
100-TES.wav|Ye have heard that it hath been said, Thou shalt love thy neighbour, and hate thine enemy.
100-WSQ.wav|The poor girl found her account so completely in the exercise of her affections, that the little tremor of fear that mixed itself, with her filial passion, gave the thing an extra relish rather than blunted its edge.
1000-AWK.wav|Edna, left alone in the little side room, loosened her clothes, removing the greater part of them.
1000-BB.wav|I do my best, and there I must leave it.
1000-DSM.wav|It may be enchanting, dear child, but it is not the custom here, urged missus Walker, leaning forward in her victoria, with her hands devoutly clasped.
1000-FRN.wav|Victor says that he knows who was the murderer of poor William.
1000-JNE.wav|One afternoon I had then been three weeks at Lowood, as I was sitting with a slate in my hand, puzzling over a sum in long division, my eyes, raised in abstraction to the window, caught sight of a figure just passing, I recognised almost instinctively that gaunt outline, and when, two minutes after, all the school, teachers included, rose en masse, it was not necessary for me to look up in order to ascertain whose entrance they thus greeted.
1000-MDW.wav|He never saw her again.
1000-MNP.wav|Between ourselves, Edmund, nodding significantly at his mother, it was cutting the roses, and dawdling about in the flower garden, that did the mischief.
1000-SCL.wav|Gazing at Pearl, Hester Prynne often dropped her work upon her knees, and cried out with an agony, which she would fain have hidden, but which made utterance for itself betwixt speech and a groan, O Father in Heaven, if Thou art still my Father, what is this being which I have brought into the world?
1000-SLM.wav|I suppose, if Id said you nay, youd ha kept on with it, but, for want o contradiction, youve changed your mind.
1000-SNS.wav|Tell me, that not only your house will remain the same, but that I shall ever find you and yours as unchanged as your dwelling, and that you will always consider me with the kindness which has made everything belonging to you so dear to me.
1000-UTS.wav|I have hesitated, said he, but I have thought, that my interest might be reconciled with that pity to which every human being has a right.
10000-LCL.wav|If things go on as they are, theres nothing lies in the future but death and destruction, for these industrial masses.
10003-LCL.wav|All the bad times that ever have been, havent been able to blow the crocus out, not even the love of women.
10005-LCL.wav|Well be together next year.
10006-LCL.wav|And though Im frightened, I believe in your being with me.
10008-LCL.wav|You cant insure against the future, except by really believing in the best bit of you, and in the power beyond it.
10009-LCL.wav|So I believe in the little flame between us.
1001-AWK.wav|She bathed her face, her neck and arms in the basin that stood between the windows.
1001-EMM.wav|It crossed my mind immediately that you would not regret your friends leaving Highbury, for the sake of her being settled so well.
1001-FRN.wav|We do also, unfortunately, replied my father, for indeed I had rather have been for ever ignorant, than have discovered so much depravity and ungratitude, in one I valued so highly.
1001-JNE.wav|A long stride measured the schoolroom, and presently beside Miss Temple, who herself had risen, stood the same black column which had frowned on me so ominously, from the hearthrug of Gateshead.
1001-LP.wav|She only just saved herself.
1001-MDW.wav|It was awful, he cried, awful, awful!
1001-MNP.wav|I am afraid it was, indeed, said the more candid Lady Bertram, who had overheard her, I am very much afraid she caught the headache there, for the heat was enough to kill anybody.
1001-PER.wav|This distinction appeared to increase, and there was one speech of Louisas which struck her.
1001-SCL.wav|And Pearl, overhearing the ejaculation, or aware, through some more subtile channel, of those throbs of anguish, would turn her vivid and beautiful little face upon her mother, smile with sprite like intelligence, and resume her play.
1001-UTS.wav|You will remain on board my vessel, since fate has cast you there.
1001-WSQ.wav|It will be easy to be prepared for that, Catherine said.
10010-LCL.wav|For me now, its the only thing in the world.
10011-LCL.wav|Ive got no friends, not inward friends.
10013-LCL.wav|And now the little flame is all I care about in my life.
10014-LCL.wav|Theres the baby, but that is a side issue.
10015-LCL.wav|Its my Pentecost, the forked flame between me and, you.
10017-LCL.wav|Me and God is a bit uppish, somehow.
10018-LCL.wav|But the little forked flame between me and you, there you are!
10019-LCL.wav|Thats what I abide by, and will abide by, Cliffords and Berthas, colliery companies and governments and the money mass of people all notwithstanding.
1002-AWK.wav|She took off her shoes and stockings, and stretched herself in the very center of the high, white bed.
1002-BB.wav|They were going out of the stable, when John stopped and said, I had better mention that we have never used the check rein with either of them, the black horse never had one on, and the dealer said it was the gag bit that spoiled the others temper.
1002-FRN.wav|My dear father, you are mistaken, Justine is innocent.
1002-JNE.wav|I now glanced sideways at this piece of architecture.
1002-LCL.wav|Well, youve got them all, said Berry.
1002-LP.wav|If you were a princess, you did not fly into rages.
1002-MNP.wav|It was as much as I could bear myself.
1002-POZ.wav|I wouldnt! retorted the cat.
1002-SNS.wav|Shall we see you tomorrow to dinner? said missus Dashwood, when he was leaving them.
1002-UTS.wav|You will be free, and in exchange for this liberty, I shall only impose one single condition.
1002-WSQ.wav|I shall simply say that he is mistaken, that other men may be that way, but that you are not.
10021-LCL.wav|It only tortures me, and does you no good.
10023-LCL.wav|But if I start fretting it wastes something.
10024-LCL.wav|Patience, always patience.
10025-LCL.wav|This is my fortieth winter.
10027-LCL.wav|But this winter Ill stick to my little Pentecost flame, and have some peace.
1003-BB.wav|Well, said York, if they come here they must wear the check rein.
1003-EFR.wav|It was as senseless and savage as a physical fight between two enemies in the darkness.
1003-FRN.wav|If she is, God forbid that she should suffer as guilty.
1003-JNE.wav|Yes, I was right, it was mister Brocklehurst, buttoned up in a surtout, and looking longer, narrower, and more rigid than ever.
1003-LCL.wav|Tommy Dukes roared with laughter.
1003-MNP.wav|Sitting and calling to, Pug, and trying to keep him from the flower beds, was, almost too much for me.
1003-SCL.wav|The very first thing which she had noticed in her life, was, what? not the mothers smile, responding to it, as other babies do, by that faint, embryo smile of the little mouth, remembered so doubtfully afterwards, and with such fond discussion, whether it were indeed a smile.
1003-TRI.wav|Ah, shes a handsome craft, she is, the cook would say, and give her sugar from his pocket, and then the bird would peck at the bars and swear straight on, passing belief for wickedness.
1003-UTS.wav|Your word of honor to submit to it will suffice.
10030-LCL.wav|And if youre in Scotland and Im in the Midlands, and I cant put my arms round you, and wrap my legs round you, yet Ive got something of you.
10032-LCL.wav|We fucked a flame into being.
10034-LCL.wav|But its a delicate thing, and takes patience, and the long pause.
10035-LCL.wav|So I love chastity now, because it is the peace that comes of fucking.
10037-LCL.wav|I love it as snowdrops love the snow.
10038-LCL.wav|I love this chastity, which is the pause of peace of our fucking, between us now like a snowdrop of forked white fire.
10039-LCL.wav|And when the real spring comes, when the drawing together comes, then we can fuck the little flame brilliant and yellow, brilliant.
1004-AWK.wav|She stretched her strong limbs that ached a little.
1004-BB.wav|I prefer a loose rein myself, and his lordship is always very reasonable about horses, but my lady. thats another thing, she will have style, and if her carriage horses are not reined up tight, she wouldnt look at them.
1004-EMM.wav|What! think a farmer, and with all his sense and all his merit mister Martin is nothing more, a good match for my intimate friend!
1004-FRN.wav|She is to be tried today, and I hope, I sincerely hope, that she will be acquitted.
